# Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing Project
<br><b>About MovieMonk: <br>
MovieMonk is an online movie booking aggregator platform that allows customers to book movies at theatres across multiple locations. It provides an alternate and more convenient way for a customer to buy movie tickets. 
 <br>Key Features: 
  <ul><li> One-stop solution for movie booking and cancellation by aggregating multiple theatres.  </li><li> Provides top movie releases, viewer ratings and movie related information. • Provide promotions and offers to the movie monks.  </li><li> Movie Monk platform can also be used to generate performance and business reports at customer, theatre and MovieMonk system level (lead and lag measure metrics). 
 <br>
 Scenario Details: <ul><li> Customer enters website and starts browsing based on movie name or location. </li><li> After browsing, customer selects movie, location, date and time. </li><li> Selects ticket type (child, student, adult or senior), seating quantity and type from seating chart displayed on the website. </li><li> After selection customer proceeds to payment process. Existing customer: For making the payment, the customer should exist in the system. After selection of movie, customer logs in with his user ID and password to continue to the payment and ticket confirmation process. New customer: After selection of movie, adds details and gets registered in the system. MovieMonk support adds him as a member. He then logs in as an existing customer and continues with the payment process. </li><li> Customer has the option to apply a valid promo code or an existing offer while proceeding with the payment. Customer can select the promo code and get discount on the movie ticket. </li><li> Customer proceeds to the payment gateway. If the payment method is debit/credit card, customer has to enter the card details such as name, card number, card type and the billing address to complete the transaction. </li><li> Once the transaction is complete, customer gets the ticket confirmation. 
<br>The user types mentioned below are the main actors of the system who will be interacting with this application: 
 <ul><li> Customer: This user can access the application to sign up, view movie details, book/cancel tickets and make payments. </li><li> Theatre: This user signs contracts with MovieMonk to allow movie bookings at this theatre through MovieMonk. The theatre pays a percentage of every ticket booked to MovieMonk. </li><li> System Support: A super user that is responsible for managing the database operations and maintenance.
